Play your hand, or roll the dice and test your odds out
No second chance, once you make the call
Trust the cards, get rid of all the doubts that plague you
Take your stance, and take your first draw!
I'll keep you guessing each and every move I take
You gotta know what is at stake to hit the jackpot
It's not just pride that I'm putting on the line
This ain't no game to play, unwind, let's start the show now!
Dealer, place your bets on me!
Don't fold this queen,
oh won't you just believe in me?
Let's go shoot for twenty-one,
ten, ace, and done,
it's always in the heart of the cards!
I'm at the top
I can't be stopped
And now I've won it all
No one I see
will play with me
so now I'll start it all again!
Dealer, place your bets on me!
Don't fold this queen,
oh won't you just believe in me?
Let's go shoot for twenty-one,
ten, ace, and done,
it's always in the heart of the cards!